TELCODOCS-776: First draft (#60666)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nvidia-gpu-vsphere.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * architecture/nvidia-gpu-architecture-overview.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="nvidia-gpu-vsphere_{context}"]
= GPUs and vSphere

You can deploy {product-title} on an NVIDIA-certified VMware vSphere server that can host different GPU types.

An NVIDIA GPU driver must be installed in the hypervisor in case vGPU instances are used by the VMs. For VMWare vSphere, this host driver is provided in the form of a VIB file.

The maximum number of vGPUS that can be allocated to worker node VMs depends on the version of vSphere:

* vSphere 7.0: maximum 4 vGPU max per VM

> * vSphere 8.0: maximum 8 vGPU max per VM

Reviewer: Is this redundant? 

* vSphere 7.0: maximum 4 vGPU ~~max~~ per VM
* vSphere 8.0: maximum 8 vGPU ~~max~~ per VM

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * architecture/nvidia-gpu-architecture-overview.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="nvidia-gpu-vsphere_{context}"]
= GPUs and vSphere

> You can deploy {product-title} on an NVIDIA-certified VMware vSphere server that can host different GPU types.
> 
> An NVIDIA GPU driver must be installed in the hypervisor in case vGPU instances are used by the VMs. For VMWare vSphere, this host driver comes as a VIB file.
> 
> The maximum number of vGPUS that can be allocated to worker node VMs depends on the version of vSphere:
> 
> * vSphere 7.0: 4 vGPU max per VM
> * vSphere 8.0: 8 vGPU max per VM
> +
> [NOTE]
> ====
> vSphere 8.0 introduced support for multiple full or fractional heterogenous profiles attached to a VM.
> ====
> 
> You can choose either of the following methods to attach the worker nodes to the GPUs:
> 
> * GPU passthrough to access and use GPU hardware inside a virtual machine (VM)
> 
> * GPU (vGPU) time slicing, in cases where the entire GPU is not needed
> 
> Similar to bare metal deployments, one or three or more servers are required.
> Clusters with two servers are not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can deploy {product-title} on an NVIDIA-certified VMware vSphere server that can host different GPU types.

An NVIDIA GPU driver must be installed in the hypervisor if vGPU instances are used by the VMs. For VMWare vSphere, this host driver is provided in the form of a VIB file.

The maximum number of vGPUS that can be assigned to worker node VMs depends on the version of vSphere:

* vSphere 7.0: maximum 4 vGPU per VM
* vSphere 8.0: maximum 8 vGPU per VM

[NOTE]

vSphere 8.0 introduced support for multiple full or fractional heterogeneous profiles associated with a VM.

You can choose one of the following methods to connect the worker nodes to the GPUs:

* GPU passthrough for accessing and using GPU hardware within a virtual machine (VM)

* GPU (vGPU) time slicing when not all of the GPU is needed

Similar to bare metal deployments, one or three or more servers are required.
Clusters of two servers are not supported.
```
